---
layout: post
title:  "Question 10 - Security Escalation"
categories: netlify questions
---

<p><blockquote>We understand you don't know anything about our internal procedures at this stage, but we want you to explain at a high level how you'd react to this situation: You receive a report of a severe security issue on www.netlify.com. You can't immediately confirm, so what steps might you take to investigate or substantiate the report? What might you say to the reporter, even though we haven't confirmed their assertion yet, that will still leave the true impression that our business is very concerned about security? You believe there is a reasonable chance the report is correct and the problem is very large and impactful. How might you escalate?
(optional/bonus) Could you give us a suggestion to improve this test or the job posting?</blockquote></p>

<p>If a customer wrote to report a severe security issue that I had confidence enough to believe had a reasonable chance of being correct, even before doing any research, it would prompt me to quick action. I would collect known information, the report, any additional supporting information I could gather after a quick bit of digging, and report the issue to whatever party is defined for reporting these issues to.<p>
<p>I would treat this as a high priority issue<p>

<p>I might write the following to the customer:<p>

<p>Hello (customer first name),<p>
<p>Thank you for writing to report this issue. The security of our customers is taken very seriously, and I will bring this report to our team for further investigation and mitigation right away.</p>
<p>We greatly appreciate your report, and I would like to ensure you that we will take all necessary steps to resolve any discovered security issues.<p>
<p>After further investigation, we will be sure to alert all customers to any necessary steps should they be needed.</p>
<p>Please feel free to let us know if you have any questions or additional concerns.</p>
<p>Best,<br>
TJ Baker - Netlify Support</p>
